Who dares summon me here
and question my loyalty?
The charges against me are false!
Stop wasting our time, Captain.
Confess to your crimes,
and we may show mercy.
What proof do you have?
Your accomplices have been captured
and told us everything.
There is no need for further deception.
You are guilty of conspiracy
against this family.
Any last words?
This syndicate has grown weak
under your rule, Lady Durand.
Weak, you say?
Who here agrees?
Cowards!
You're dismissed, Captain.
Who stands before me next?
The mercenaries we discussed.
Such courage
to demand an audience with me.
You'd be dead if my son hadn't
convinced me to consider your offer.
And we're here to deliver.
You asked for the Pyke
who disgraced your family.
He's all yours.
It won't be traced back to you.
We made sure of it.
Take him below.
No. No!
This isn't over, Durand.
Impressive.
Your willingness to cross the Pykes
shows how desperate you are.
Tell me. Why is the intel you've requested
of such value to you?
Dr. Hemlock stole someone from us.
We heard your syndicate had
the connections needed
to find the Imperial's base.
And since we've upheld our end
of the bargain,
now it's your turn.
Hemlock's whereabouts have been
well guarded by the Empire,
but one of our sources came across these
coordinates linked to his laboratory.
And they've been verified?
Take what you came for and go,
before my generosity runs out.
I hope you find who you're looking for.
Echo said he and Rex need two rotations
before they can meet us
at the coordinates.
That's not good enough.
We're going now.
Hunter, the last time we stormed
an Imperial base without backup,
not all of us made it out.
Omega's been waiting for us
a long time, Wrecker.
I'm not making her wait another day.
It smells like rancid Jotaz out here.
There's nothing on the scanners.
The Empire could be jamming our sensors.
Oh, no.
Whoa.
That's Hemlock's lab?
They destroyed it.
Another orbital bombardment.
But Omega. I-I-If she was here--
We don't know if she was.
The Durands' intel could be wrong.
Let's get down there and check it out.
We're not alone.
Freeze!
Drop your weapons.
Blaster beats stick, kid.
Wrecker, they're regs.
And who are you?
We're clones. Same as you.
You don't look like clones.
They must be 99s.
Defectives.
Defective and effective.
What are you two doing out here?
What's it look like? Surviving.
Or trying to. No thanks to the Empire.
They send you to finish us off?
Do we look like we're with the Empire?
What do you want?
We're looking for a young girl.
She's a clone.
We think she was sent to the lab here.
Never saw anyone like that,
but Mox might know about her.
He won't talk to them.
Please, we have to find her.
She's part of our squad.
Stick to the trail.
Follow our steps.
And don't touch the vines.
When the Empire transferred us off Kamino,
we thought we were getting more training.
Instead, they made us prisoners.
Took samples of our blood.
Why?
What was the Empire doing here?
Whatever they wanted.
At least we escaped
before they destroyed the facility.
And you survived alone
out here ever since?
We're soldiers.
Or we were supposed to be.
Stop.
What?
Wrecker, behind you.
Run!
Don't fire!
It gets hostile when you shoot.
You mean it's not already hostile?
No!
Hunter!
Come on!
What was that stuff?
Slither vines.
The Empire made it.
It's some kind of experimental weapon,
until they lost control of it.
Probably why they ordered
a Base Delta Zero on their own facility.
We'll be safe on the crag.
The slither vines haven't spread there.
Yet.
And this time, don't touch anything.
Yeah, yeah.
Mox.
Who are they?
Clones.
We found them by the overlook.
It's quite a place you got here.
What do you want?
We're looking for a young girl.
She was taken
by an Imperial named Hemlock.
Her name's Omega.
Never saw a girl around the lab.
But I know Hemlock.
He was in charge until things changed.
One day, the Imperials started packing up
and shipped out.
So we made our move and escaped.
We were the only ones who made it out
before the orbital bombardment.
Even the clone troopers left us to die.
Said they were following orders.
We get it.
We've lost people too.
We can take you to someplace safe,
but we need to find out if Omega was here
or where Hemlock took her.
There has to be some intel in that base.
One of the control room panels
was still intact during our last scout.
I tried to use it to send a signal,
but there was no power.
Can you take us there?
No way.
That area is covered in slither vines.
It's toxic.
Stak's right.
Going near those ruins
is a suicide mission.
You're on your own.
They need help, Mox.
I'll go with them.
You know the risks of going down there.
And I thought he was the smart one.
I can get you inside the ruins,
but you won't be able to get anything
from the console without a power source.
We got that covered.
Just need to grab something from our ship.
This clone you're looking for...
Omega.
How long has she been gone?
Too long.
But we're not giving up.
I wish the other clones
felt that way about us.
You may be defective CTs,
but at least you're loyal.
Whoa!
Your ship has seen some action.
Mostly during the war.
And some after.
I thought, one day,
I'd be flying one of these on a mission.
A lot's changed.
Well, I've got the gear and the power.
Lead the way, kid.
There's slither vines everywhere in there.
- Be careful where you step.
- Whoa!
How much further is the console?
Hard to tell.
More vines have spread down here.
We had to stop scavenging the site
because of it.
What other experiments were going on
in this place?
Nothing good.
They didn't exactly tell us
what was going on.
Go! Keep moving!
What are we waiting for?
Let's take their ship and get out of here.
What about Deke?
He made his choice.
If we leave him behind,
then we're no better than the troopers
who did the same to us.
Mox.
Those two clones seem different.
They're risking their lives
to find a member of their squad.
I respect that.
They won't make it back from the ruins.
You know that.
If we wait and the slither vines reach
their ship, our chance to escape is gone.
Where's their ship?
Northern ridge.
Show me.
I didn't think it could smell any worse,
but I was wrong.
We're in agreement on that.
There's the console. Come on.
All right.
Do your thing, little guy.
Something's coming.
We need to make this quick.
Is it more of those things?
No.
Something else.
I'm familiar with the system.
Give me some time.
I'll see what data I can pull up.
Got it.
You really think you can fly this thing?
I was top of my class in flight training
back on Kamino.
Where will we go?
Anywhere is better than here.
Check this out. A DC-17.
Mox, Mox! Stak!
The vines. They're everywhere.
Help! We need help!
Mox! Come in, Mox!
Time's up. Get the datapad!
Whoa! Look out!
It's everywhere!
Keep it steady!
Grab the cables!
Shoot for the mouth!
We need more firepower!
That's not enough!
Grab the case of explosives.
Yeah!
Go, go, go!
I've been going over the data.
Looks like Hemlock transferred his entire
base of operations to another location.
His experiments too.
Did the intel say where he went?
There was a mention of a sector
but nothing more.
It's a lead,
but we've got a lot of space to cover.
Well, if that's where Omega is,
then that's where we're going.
We'll drop you three off someplace safe.
Where?
An island.
There are good people there.
They'll take care of you.
We're cadets without an army.
I don't know where we fit anymore.
You have time to figure it out.
Make your own path.
Be something other than a soldier.
What about you?
Our mission is not over yet.